CAP-21: Process comments from last protocol meeting (#1067)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0021.md

};
```

A transaction whose preconditions are not satisfied is
_non-executable_.  In most cases, non-executable transactions should
not be included in blocks.  However, it is possible that a prior
transaction in the same block can turn a executable transaction into a
non-executable one.  If this happens, the non-executable transaction
still incurs a fee and increments the `sourceAccount` sequence number.

To minimize the presence of non-executable transactions in blocks, a

> block main not contain both a transaction a non-zero `minSeqLedgerGap`

Reviewer: I think there's some typos here.
```suggestion
block may not contain both a transaction with a non-zero `minSeqLedgerGap`
```
